[question] Вставьте пропущенное слово.
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Переведи слово 'возможности'.
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Переведи слово '[question]'.
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Переведи предложение 'Разве это нестранно?'
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Выбери слово, которое соответствует картинке.
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Послушай аудио и выбери соответствующее предложение
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
[right_answer]
[wrong_answer]
Good evening. I hope you managed to choose your native language, and now you understand what I'm saying.
I got a bit dirty here, got into a small accident. But more on that later.
You're in the visual novel 'Secret of the Royal School of Magic'. But here we'll be learning not only magic, but also a foreign language.
Choose the language you want to learn.
Какой язык ты хочешь изучать?
When you see a round button on the right, you can click it to translate the line. Let's try it.
Click this button on the right ———>
To return to the original text, click this button again.
If you made a mistake with language selection, you can fix it in the 'Options' menu. And there you can also adjust the music volume.
I think I've told you all the most important things. Somewhere here our story begins. Actually, it has already begun. Let's go.
Radio announcer: The King has announced his marriage to the daughter of the Minister of Economy.
Our king is getting married again? Isn't it too late to get married at 98?
He looks 35.
Isn't that strange?
Many high-ranking officials look young and live long these days. They have completely different opportunities.
Dad, can you hear me? Wake up!
Call an ambulance, quickly! My father is unconscious.
He looks strange. Why is he so pale? Was he injured too?
Block!!! Was he trying to erase my memory? What the hell!
What kind of magic is this? Where did you study?
Give me the phone. I'll call the ambulance myself. Just try to use magic on us again!
No need for an ambulance, I'll handle everything myself.
He approached the driver's seat. Opened the door and touched my father's head. Father immediately regained consciousness. But the stranger staggered, leaned against the door and slid down onto the asphalt.
What's wrong with you? You're not drunk...
Something's wrong with him. Something's wrong with his magic. His energy is unstable. Someone has accumulated his energy. This is always associated with forbidden techniques. Is he from a cult?
The stranger gathered his strength and stood up.
I'm sorry, I wasn't feeling well and lost control. Here's money for repairs and treatment if needed.
Wow! That's a lot of money! But why are you paying yourself? You have an expensive car. Don't you pay insurance?
And you look strange. Are you drunk? Or drugs? In any case, we need to call the road service. You're lucky my son wasn't hurt.
Don't call. I have a good offer for you.
Your son is clearly very talented. But without proper education, he'll only be able to play with magic for entertainment. And that will only create problems for him.
What does my son have to do with this? What are you getting at?
I can get your son into the royal school of magic.
Royal school? That's impossible. Children from ordinary families don't get into this school.
I can make it happen.
Who are you?
I'll get your son into this school, and in return, you'll tell everyone you crashed into a pole. Even close people.
 I'll tell you who I am if you agree to my condition.
Dad, why should we believe him? People like him always fix everything with money and connections. Let's not take anything from him? Please. I have a bad feeling.
Young man, I see you're bold. But I advise you to always take what you're given. Especially today. Today fate is on your side.
Fate is on our side because we weren't seriously hurt.
Provide guarantees.
Dad!
Alright, here's my business card.
Director of the royal school of magic... Seriously?
Is this some new kind of scam?
Okay, we'll think about it.
Call me at the number on the card. The student lists will be finalized in three days. You should hurry.
I googled it. It really was the school director. But dad! He tried to erase my memory. That's forbidden magic!
Let's not get involved with this person. He could easily set us up.
He probably wasn't so scared because of a regular accident. I think he was afraid something worse would be revealed.
What do you mean?
Maybe that day he committed a crime with black magic? Something was wrong with his energy.
Don't make things up! You're just very young and have a rich imagination. Why would the director of a magic school use forbidden magic.
Who knows...
Stop this. This is such an opportunity. This school opens doors to a completely different world. You'll be able to hold high positions, get a job at any company in the world. Your talent!
I didn't study magic to build a career.
New laws come out every day, imposing restrictions on magic for people without a license. You're already 14, any carelessness and you could end up in prison.
I've regretted so many times letting your grandmother teach you. But after studying at this school, you'll be able to use your abilities to their full extent.
I found a used school uniform.
Do rich people sell used things too?
I doubt it. I think they just throw them away, and the governesses sell them. Instead of tips.
Oh, you're probably right. But I can buy you a new uniform.
No need. I don't need all this showing off. Everyone will quickly find out I'm from an ordinary family anyway. I'm ordering it.
You're probably worried about this. They won't be able to push you around. You'll manage. You only need to hold on for 4 years.
I'm doing this because you want it so much.
The school doors are locked with magic? So even the janitors in this school know the basics of magic? But this is a simple lock for me...
Look, a new student!
His uniform is clearly not new. And it's his first day today...
He bought a used uniform? Ugh, how horrible.
And his shoes! Look at them! What is that? Some cheap replica? Has the school started accepting just anyone?
They could at least say this in a whisper. Don't they teach good manners at the royal school? Yes, great start...
 But I didn't expect anything else from children of corrupt officials.
Hi, are you Sam?
Yes, that's me.
I came to meet you. I'm doing my internship here. Come on, I'll give you everything you need. Are you nervous?
Should I be?
The children in this school are not simple. But their life isn't as easy as many think. When you get to know them better, you'll like them.
I highly doubt that.
Is it difficult to study here?
I think it won't be difficult for you. I heard you have good magic skills.
What? Am I already that popular?
Ha-ha. It's not every day we accept unknown newcomers.
You can read about all the students in this school on the internet. Who their parents are, what brands they wear, what they did on the weekend.
 But your appearance is shrouded in mystery.
I'm the director's secret illegitimate son.
What??? Really?
No, of course not.
She's cute. And pretty. Maybe there will be something good in this school.
What about you? I heard that all teachers in this school are graduates of elite schools and universities. So who are your parents?
My parents are ordinary people... But I really did study at this school.
So I'm not the first non-elite student in this school?
You're funny! 
 I won a grant in honor of the king's ninetieth birthday. But how did you get here? Is it a secret?
I'll tell this secret only to you. My incredible talent and boundless charisma melted the director's cold heart, and he made a special exception for me.
Doesn't sound like the truth!
Maybe young handsome boys are his type.
Ugh! You better not joke like that.
We're here. Here's your school card. You can use it in the cafeteria.
 Get your textbooks from the library after your first lesson. And here's a list of textbooks and materials you need to buy.
Whew. I hope dad and I won't have to take out a loan.
Good luck, mysterious newcomer. Your first lesson is in room 313.
We have a new student in our class. Introduce yourself.
They're untying my shoelaces, seriously? What childishness! Ooh. Someone's unzipping my fly? Ha! Not bad. I hope it's a girl doing it. Yes, it's definitely a girl. What a gentle telekinesis. Is this really bullying?
Ha, ha, ha!!!
What are you doing? Stop it!
I don't think anyone here will bother remembering my name. 
Hm. And what's that touching my back? Are they writing something on my back with chalk? 
 Okay, enough games! Focus! One, two, three... More concentration. Gather in the fingers. Ta-da.
All the students instantly found themselves tied to chairs and desks by all the shoelaces and strings that were on their clothes.
...
What the hell?
Was he transferred from another magic school? Isn't he from the trash?
He won't get away with this!
Samuel! Haven't you been told that magic in this school can't be used for fooling around?
Yes, I was told that. But apparently, they forgot to tell me that I'm the only one in this school who's forbidden to fool around with magic.
Class: Ha...
He's actually cool!
Well. You're all thinking now that I'm not one of you. And that I'll never be one of you. Well, know this - I don't intend to be. And I'm not hoping we'll become friends. Let's just not bother each other.
Who does he think he is! I'll put him in his place.
(whispers) Teach him a lesson after classes today. And I'll treat you to a good steak.
Alright. I'll gather the guys. We'll shut up this upstart. It's beef steak, right?
No matter how crappy the people in this school are, the lessons here are really on another level. It wasn't easy...
Oh, they're already waiting for me. Didn't expect to become so interesting to them on the first day. 
Sam was thrown back several meters by a strong energy blast. He hit his back against the school fence. The magical protection of the fence sharply burned his back.
Damn! That was unexpected!
Aren't bad guys supposed to give a long ceremonial speech before a fight?
Hit him again! Seems he didn't get it the first time.
This is clearly their leader. Familiar face. I definitely saw him when I was reading about the school. 
Gather all energy... Raise, concentrate, amplify. Take the power of stones. Is there metal nearby? The fence... Will do. Take the power of metal. Now into the eyes... Wall... Ready. Just don't blink.
Three, two, one... Let's fry him!
The guys were hit by the reflected energy blast from the energy wall and scattered in different directions. 
What is this? Black magic?
You're so bad you can't even tell black from white? 
I remembered. He's the president's ninth son, his fourteenth child. 
So this is how the president's children have fun. Great story for the news. 
What, the three of you can't handle this trash? 
Now is definitely not the time to blink! 
He managed to break through the wall... 
Congratulations! You're not weak. 
Did his friends hit simultaneously with him? This is definitely the energy of several people... 
What, scared? I'm being nice today. Just leave this school. And I'll forget about your existence. 
But you know, there's something strange. That was the energy of three different people. And it's not your friends. 
...
How did you obtain these energies?
What nonsense are you talking about? You think you can distinguish energy bases? You think anyone will check this? 
You still don't believe me? Okay. Come on, hit me again. 
This time Sam was hit by an even stronger wave, he allowed it, but tried to soften the blow.
Thanks! Now I had time to figure it out.
One energy is from a young guy, kind and pure.
One energy is from a middle-aged woman, she was in despair, all her energy consists of tears...
And also the energy of an adult man... Two of them clearly developed their energy not through licensed methods.
I instinctively reflected the attack. I needed to let the hit through to feel its energy. But it would be stupid to ask to be hit again. They'll think I want to become a punching bag.
Those were definitely several different bases.
Who are you? Who told you about this? I personally know everyone in this world who can distinguish energy bases. So there must be a rat among them...
Obviously, you don't know everyone. Better stay away from me. Otherwise, I won't keep quiet.
Oh, and who will you tell? Your mommy? Though, I heard you don't have one. You won't last a month here. I'll do everything to get you expelled as soon as possible.
You've clearly been very interested in me. Even in my parents... I think now you're even more interested in me.
Dad, can someone take another person's energy basis for themselves?
Do you think your mom died because you took her energy?
Ah, you're growing up and, probably, you think I might have been lying to comfort a small child?
 No one can take someone else's energy for themselves.
Can someone intentionally give away their energy?
That's as impossible as stopping your own heart by willpower. Our life energy is part of us. No one can get rid of it on their own.
Believe me, it was all accidental. Your mom wanted to support your life force with her energy, but at that moment her heart stopped.
So if you kill someone while they're using their energy, you can get their energy for yourself?
What terrible questions you're asking.
Still.
People with two energies are so rare that many consider their existence a myth.
I asked your grandmother how this could happen. She thought the energy transferred to you because you had just been born, and your own energy hadn't completely separated from your mom's yet.
But I'm not the first child in the world whose mother died after childbirth.
Not the first. But your mom could support others' life energy, just like your grandmother. It's a very rare skill.
I think that, possibly, in the whole world only they two truly possessed this ability.
The rest are just frauds. So the world probably doesn't know of any other similar cases.
The world doesn't know about my case either.
That's for your sake. I told you how much they bothered your mom, trying to convince her to work in the king's life and health preservation team.
More precisely, it's hard to call it work. They force people to serve them, they threaten them.
I'm sure you don't need that.
They threatened her?
I didn't express myself correctly. They know how to manipulate.
So I have to hide my double energy all my life?
You can decide for yourself. You don't have to hide it. But if anyone finds out, they'll definitely have questions for you.
But when you finish this school, you can get a license. And then you'll never have to justify your abilities again.
And you know that I'm very glad you survived? I never thought you were to blame for mom's death.
I know... But in your place, I would think differently. Thank you.
How does the king's son have three bases?
And all three bases are clearly not his. He doesn't use his own. He's definitely not a kind guy, not a girl, and not a middle-aged man. Does he even have his own base?
He has two foreign bases. And this doesn't seem like my case anymore.
Although together their power was sufficient, individually these are rather weak energies... This is all very strange.
To be continued...
To be continued...
To be continued...
